Remove non existing name suggestion  from file documentation (#33288)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/file.markdown

ha_config_flow: true
---

The File integration allows storing notifications in a file or setting up a sensor based on a file's content.
  
{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Notifications

> Make sure that the file you want to use is added to the [allowlist_external_dirs](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/homeassistant/#allowlist_external_dirs). The file will be created if it doesn't exist, but make sure the folder exists. Add the path of your [configuration](/docs/configuration/) folder (e.g., `/config/file_notifications`) to save the file there. Setting `timestamp` to `true` adds a timestamp to every logged entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure that the file you want to use is added to the [allowlist_external_dirs](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/homeassistant/#allowlist_external_dirs). The file will be created if it doesn't exist, but make sure the folder exists. Add the path of your [configuration](/docs/configuration/) folder (for example, `/config/file_notifications`) to save the file there. Setting `timestamp` to `true` adds a timestamp to every logged entry.
```

> After creating a config entry you can change the entry name, the name of notify entity or the entity_id, if you prefer so.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After creating a config entry, you can change the entry name, the name of the notify entity, or the entity ID, if you prefer.
```
